Add Action plugin example (#49290)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_plugins.rst

Developing particular plugin types
==================================

.. _developing_actions:

Action plugins
--------------

> Action plugins are useful when you want to modify data which is provided to any module or filter the data which is returned by the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action plugins are useful when you want to modify data that is provided to any module, or filter the data that is returned by the module.
```

To create an action plugin, create a new class with the Base(ActionBase) class as the parent:

.. code-block:: python

    from ansible.plugins.action import ActionBase

    class ActionModule(ActionBase):
        pass

> From there, execute module using ``_execute_module`` method to call original module. After successful execution of module, you can modify module return data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, execute the module using the ``_execute_module`` method to call the original module. After successful execution of the module, you can modify the module return data.
```

.. code-block:: python

    module_return = self._execute_module(module_name='<NAME_OF_MODULE>',
                                         module_args=module_args,
                                         task_vars=task_vars, tmp=tmp)

> The following is an example showing how one can modified return data of Ansible's setup module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example showing how you can modify return data from Ansible's ``setup`` module:
```

.. code-block:: python

    #!/usr/bin/python
    # Make coding more python3-ish, this is required for contributions to Ansible
    from __future__ import (absolute_import, division, print_function)
    __metaclass__ = type

    from ansible.plugins.action import ActionBase

    class ActionModule(ActionBase):
        def run(self, tmp=None, task_vars=None):
            super(ActionModule, self).run(tmp, task_vars)
            module_args = self._task.args.copy()
            module_return = self._execute_module(module_name='setup',
                                                 module_args=module_args,
                                                 task_vars=task_vars, tmp=tmp)
            ret = dict()
            if not module_return.get('failed'):
                for key, value in module_return['ansible_facts'].items():
                    if key == 'ansible_system':

>                         ret[key] = value

Reviewer 2: can i suggest a different example? one that actually shows use of local resources:

timediff action, checks remote clock vs local clock (run date on both machines and compare)

This is not really useful due to network drift but it does show why you would want to use an action plugin.

            return dict(ansible_facts=dict(ret))

> Here, we are capturing ``setup`` module return data and filtering out ``ansible_system`` variable and it's value from the returned data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we are capturing the ``setup`` module return data and filtering out the ``ansible_system`` variable and its value from the returned data.
```

> For more example of action plugins, see the source code for the `action plugins included with Ansible Core <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/tree/devel/lib/ansible/plugins/action>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of action plugins, see the source code for the `action plugins included with Ansible Core <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/tree/devel/lib/ansible/plugins/action>`_
```
